Title: Create anonymous identites with fakenamegenerator.com and Python
Date: 2013-05-30 14:14
Author: Nikolai Tschacher
Category: Programming
Tags: Programming
Slug: create-anonymous-identites-with-fakenamegenerator-com-and-python
Status: published

### Introduction

Woah, it has been a hell of a long time since I posted my last
contribution (I feel like I always begin my blog post with these
introductory words). However, today I want to show you how to forge
random identites with a site called
[fakenamegenerator.com](http://fakenamegenerator.com). I use Python 3
and a unoffical branch of
[socksipy](http://socksipy.sourceforge.net/ "socksipy"),  a nice module
which enables you to tunnel TCP/IP streams through a remote server,
commonly used to disguise your real IP address. There are three availabe
modes, SOCKS4, SOCKS5 and HTTP. In this blog post, I use SOCKS5, since I
install TOR and route my requests through a local proxy sitting on
127.0.0.1:9050.

### Why and what

The team behind fakenamegenerator.com writes on their site:

> ***Name:** Names are generated by randomly pulling a first and a last
> name out of a database. The database was compiled from public domain
> sources. [...]*
>
> ***Street address:** The house number is a randomly generated number.
> The street name is pulled from a database of plausible street names
> for the state/country being generated. Odds are that the generated
> street address is not valid.*
>
> ***City, state, and postal code:** We have compiled a database
> containing hundreds of thousands of valid city, state, and postal code
> combinations. One of these combinations is randomly pulled from the
> database for each identity.*
>
> ***Telephone number:** We have compiled a database of valid area codes
> and prefixes. One of these combinations is randomly pulled from the
> database, and then a random number of the appropriate length is added
> to the end to make the phone number the correct length.*
>
> ***Mother's maiden name:** A random name is pulled from our database
> of last names, and listed as the "mother's maiden name".*
>
> ***Birthday:** The birthday is a randomly generated date. [...]*

Furthermore, and here we come to the reason of this blog post:

> We **do not** condone, support, or encourage illegal activity of any
> kind. We **will** cooperate with law enforcement organizations to
> assist in the prosecution of anyone that misuses the information we
> provide or that asks us to provide illegal materials, such as forged
> documents or genuine credit card numbers.

I am convinced that they map every identity requested by a client to the
corresponding IP address. Therefore, the generated identity is not
anonymous, because your ip address can be mapped to your real identity
over your internet service provider.


### Solution

That's what I came up with to enforce the retrieval of anonymous
identites. This is actually the `test_function()` which calls the function
`scrape_identity()` which in turn extracts all the pieces constituting
the identity from fakenamegenerator.com. You can implement your own
application logic with `scrape_identity()`. It just returns a list of
tuples, whereas each tuple contains the element name (such as 'name',
'birthdate', 'gender' ...) and the corresponding value.

    :::python
    def anon_identity():
        """This function is a example how to use scrape_identity() anonymously
           through TOR. Used like that, you don't have to worry that your generated
           identity is matched to your IP address and therefore to your real identity.
           
        """
        
        # Set up a socks socket. You might want to fire up your local TOR PROXY, before
        # using this function.
        # Just download TOR here https://www.torproject.org/ and then start tor.
        socks.setdefaultproxy(socks.PROXY_TYPE_SOCKS5,'127.0.0.1', 9050)
        socks.wrapmodule(urllib.request)
        
        id = scrape_identity()
        print('[+] Generated a random and anonymous identity:')
        for e in id:
            print('\t{0:.<20}{1}'.format(e[0], e[1]))

You can use my work like this:

    :::bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/NikolaiT/anonymous_identity
    $ cd anonymous_identity
    $ python3

    Python 3.2.3 (default, Oct 19 2012, 19:53:16) 
    [GCC 4.7.2] on linux2
    Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
    >>> from identity_generator import anon_identity
    >>> anon_identity()
    [+] Generated a random and anonymous identity:
        full_name...........Kyle M. Cuevas
        address.............1136 Ethels Lane
        phone_number........863-703-6140
        mother_maiden_name..Powell
        birthdate...........August 2, 1994
        blood_group.........A+
        weight..............70.0 kilograms
        height..............186 centimeters
    >>> 
